# TODO: remplacer par les URL des régions fusionnées

# draaf.alsace.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.alsace.agriculture.gouv.fr/Axe-5-Le-reseau-de-surveillance

# draaf.aquitaine.agriculture.gouv.fr
#  via http://draaf.aquitaine.agriculture.gouv.fr/Les-Bulletins-de-Sante-Vegetal-BSV
http://www.aquitainagri.fr/menu-horizontal/publications/bulletins-de-sante-du-vegetal-bsv.html

# draaf.auvergne.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.auvergne.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletin-de-sante-du-vegetal

# draaf.basse-normandie.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.basse-normandie.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletin-de-sante-du-vegetal,319

# draaf.bourgogne.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.alsace.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletins-de-sante-du-vegetal-2015

# draaf.bretagne.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.bretagne.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletins-de-sante-du-vegetal-BSV

# draaf.centre.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.centre.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletin-de-Sante-du-Vegetal-BSV

# draaf.champagne-ardenne.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.champagne-ardenne.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletin-de-Sante-du-Vegetal-BSV

# http://draaf.corse.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.corse.agriculture.gouv.fr/Les-bulletins-de-sante-du-vegetal

# draaf.franche-comte.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.franche-comte.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletins-de-Sante-du-Vegetal

# draaf.haute-normandie.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.haute-normandie.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletins-de-Sante-du-Vegetal

# driaaf.ile-de-france.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://driaaf.ile-de-france.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletin-de-sante-du-vegetal

# draaf.languedoc-roussillon.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.languedoc-roussillon.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletins-de-Sante-du-Vegetal,261

# draaf.limousin.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://limousin.synagri.com/synagri/bulletins-de-sante-du-vegetal-00013060

# draaf.lorraine.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.lorraine.agriculture.gouv.fr/BSV-de-l-annee-en-cours

# draaf.midi-pyrenees.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.midi-pyrenees.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletin-de-Sante-du-Vegetal

# draaf.nord-pas-de-calais.agriculture.gouv.fr
# future (http://draaf.nord-pas-de-calais.agriculture.gouv.fr/fusion-des-regions,2517) : draaf.nord-pas-de-calais-picardie.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.nord-pas-de-calais.agriculture.gouv.fr/Sante-des-vegetaux

# draaf.paca.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.paca.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletin-de-sante-du-vegetal-BSV

# draaf.pays-de-la-loire.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.pays-de-la-loire.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletins-de-Sante-du-Vegetal

# draaf.picardie.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.picardie.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletin-de-Sante-du-Vegetal-BSV

# draaf.poitou-charentes.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.poitou-charentes.agriculture.gouv.fr/Bulletins-de-sante-du-vegetal,64

# draaf.rhone-alpes.agriculture.gouv.fr
http://draaf.rhone-alpes.agriculture.gouv.fr/Le-Bulletin-de-Sante-du-Vegetal
